Going somewhere?
No one.
You scared me.
How did you get in here?
It doesn't matter.
What matters is that you killed Angie.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You stole my phone in my car.
You texted either to find out where she was but when you got there...
You killed Angie cause you thought it was either.
Why are you being so awful to me?
Isn't it enough that I already lost my house?
No, this has nothing to do with Tom!
Well you have Tom to the fire when he died.
How do you think people are gonna react when they...
Here, that you are trying to blame me for your crimes.
Tom didn't die who he is.
He had a drug note.
He was high on drugs the night of the fire.
That's why he died.
No!
Don't pretend like he didn't know.
There's no way he could have been that addicted and you had no idea.
I did it!
Do you ever tell the truth?